---
layout: post
title: DermaRolling
permalink: /DermaRolling
---

Full Disclosure: I am a consultant with Rodan and Fields, but I do not and will not receive any form of compensation for this blog post. The intention of this blog post is not to sell to you, but rather to share about things your don't normally see everyday and that you may have not heard of before. You've been warned.
I did a thing recently. I finally ordered a top-of-the line dermaroller. I've always been kind of intrigued by the results people achieve, but have been hesitant about dropping that kind of money. I decided to treat myself and hit the go button. 
Rolling my face with a stick full of needles. Wouldn't that hurt? Wouldn't that make you bleed? (My husband really did ask me those questions).

I wanted to give a review on my thoughts after trying it. I will let you know that you can definitely tell that there are needles rolling across your face. Its not painful at all, though, its kind of weird to describe. [Here's a good youtube link on how to use it and how to clean it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUJ4cDI3Q8g)


Now that you've seen how to use it, how does it work?  Bottom line -  the AMP MD conditions the skin's surface with those micro-needle tips, and by doing so consistently, it increases the appearance of firmness and elasticity, reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, improves skin texture, and minimizes the appearance of pores with the Night Renewing Serum, a proprietary blend of peptides and retinol. Using retinol helps to shed dead skin cells, and peptides reduce the appearance of wrinkles and increase firmness of skin. Boom. At age 20, our collagen production decreases by half. At age 40 -- you guessed it, your skin stops making it entirely. The AMP MD stimulates collagen production and increases blood flow with those little needles :)

I hope this didn't sound too much like  an advertisement, but since this is a pretty nifty cool product, I thought I would share. But why on earth would I spend that much dough on a dermaroller when I could go to amazon or groupon and get one for a third of the price? Simple. If i am going to use micro needles on my FACE, I better get top of the line. I better get the clinically proven, FDA-approved ish. I better get quality. And so far so good.

And it helps that I get 25% off the stuff I buy. Comment below if you want in on that, and I'll share how :)
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>

/**
 *  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
 *  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables */
/*
var disqus_config = function () {
    this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
    this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
};
*/
(function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
    var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
    s.src = '//cocinando-rxd.disqus.com/embed.js';
    s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
    (d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
})();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
                                    
<script id="dsq-count-scr" src="//cocinando-rxd.disqus.com/count.js" async></script>



